Product Software Engineer
San Diego, California, United States of America

ID: 3081492

Job Description
Job Posting Date
2025-11-07

Company:
Qualcomm Innovation Center, Inc.
Job Area:
Engineering Group, Engineering Group > Software Engineering
General Summary:

As a leading technology innovator, Qualcomm pushes the boundaries of what's possible to enable next-generation experiences and drives digital transformation to help create a smarter, connected future for all. As a Qualcomm Software Engineer, you will design, develop, create, modify, and validate embedded and cloud edge software, applications, and/or specialized utility programs that launch cutting-edge, world class products that meet and exceed customer needs. Qualcomm Software Engineers collaborate with systems, hardware, architecture, test engineers, and other teams to design system-level software solutions and obtain information on performance requirements and interfaces.

Minimum Qualifications:

• Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field.
Roles and Responsibilities: 

Strong C/C++ programming skills, with an emphasis on secure programming best practices.

Strong understanding of embedded hardware & driver concepts.

Strong understanding of software and computer architecture concepts.

Strong understanding of operating system concepts such as tasks, signals, timers, priorities, deadlocks, stacks, memory management, etc.

Ability to understand and ramp up quickly on technology to serve the need.

Good expertise and experience on product security for embedded devices like Crypto/TZ/Secure communication/DRM/Virtualization etc. will be an add-on.
 

In addition to the above, we expect:

Strong verbal and written communication skills to convey routine factual information.

Being a team player who can function well with minimum supervision

Attention to detail and follow-through

Level of Responsibility: 

Works under supervision.

Decision-making affects direct area of work and/or work group.

Tasks require multiple steps which can be performed in various orders; planning, problem-solving, and prioritization must occur to complete the tasks effectively.

Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer. If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, rest assured that Qualcomm is committed to providing an accessible process. You may e-mail disability-accomodations@qualcomm.com or call Qualcomm's toll-free number found here. Upon request, Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. (Keep in mind that this email address is used to provide reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities. We will not respond here to requests for updates on applications or resume inquiries).

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.

Qualcomm expects its employees to abide by all applicable policies and procedures, including but not limited to security and other requirements regarding protection of Company confidential information and other confidential and/or proprietary information, to the extent those requirements are permissible under applicable law.

 
