Software Engineer
Santa Clara
Flexible
November 07, 2025
JB0066134
Company Description
It all started in sunny San Diego, California in 2004 when a visionary engineer, Fred Luddy, saw the potential to transform how we work. Fast forward to today — ServiceNow stands as a global market leader, bringing innovative AI-enhanced technology to over 8,100 customers, including 85% of the Fortune 500®. Our intelligent cloud-based platform seamlessly connects people, systems, and processes to empower organizations to find smarter, faster, and better ways to work. But this is just the beginning of our journey. Join us as we pursue our purpose to make the world work better for everyone.

Job Description
What you get to do in this role:  

Build high-quality, clean, scalable and reusable code by enforcing best practices around software engineering architecture and processes (Code Reviews, Unit testing, etc.)
Work with the product owners to understand detailed requirements and own your code from design, implementation, test automation and delivery of high-quality product to our users.
Design software that is simple to use to allow customers to extend and customize the functionality to meet their specific needs
Help design and implement new products and features while also enhancing the existing product suite
Qualifications
To be successful in this role you have:

Experience in leveraging or critically thinking about how to integrate AI into work processes, decision-making, or problem-solving. This may include using AI-powered tools, automating workflows, analyzing AI-driven insights, or exploring AI's potential impact on the function or industry.
0-2+ years of experience with Java or a similar OO language
Passion for JavaScript and the Web as a platform, reusability, and componentization
Experience with data structures, algorithms, object-oriented design, design patterns, and performance/scale considerations
Experience with any of the modern UI frameworks like Angular, React or Vue
Analytical and design skills
Working knowledge and ability to use tools to assist with daily tasks (IDE, debugger, build tools, source control, ServiceNow instances, profilers, system administration/Unix tools)
 

FD21

For positions in this location, we offer a base pay of $123,500 - $191,500, plus equity (when applicable), variable/incentive compensation and benefits. Sales positions generally offer a competitive On Target Earnings (OTE) incentive compensation structure. Please note that the base pay shown is a guideline, and individual total compensation will vary based on factors such as qualifications, skill level, competencies, and work location. We also offer health plans, including flexible spending accounts, a 401(k) Plan with company match, ESPP, matching donations, a flexible time away plan and family leave programs. Compensation is based on the geographic location in which the role is located and is subject to change based on work location.

Additional Information
Work Personas

We approach our distributed world of work with flexibility and trust. Work personas (flexible, remote, or required in office) are categories that are assigned to ServiceNow employees depending on the nature of their work and their assigned work location. Learn more here. To determine eligibility for a work persona, ServiceNow may confirm the distance between your primary residence and the closest ServiceNow office using a third-party service.

Equal Opportunity Employer

ServiceNow is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin or nationality, ancestry, age, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, or any other category protected by law. In addition, all qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with legal requirements. 

Accommodations

We strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all candidates. If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are unable to use this online application and need an alternative method to apply, please contact globaltalentss@servicenow.com for assistance. 

Export Control Regulations

For positions requiring access to controlled technology subject to export control regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), ServiceNow may be required to obtain export control approval from government authorities for certain individuals. All employment is contingent upon ServiceNow obtaining any export license or other approval that may be required by relevant export control authorities. 

From Fortune. ©2025 Fortune Media IP Limited. All rights reserved. Used under license. 

a person sitting in a chair in a room with a table and chairs
Bay Area

