Stripe logo Jobs Our opportunity Life at Stripe Benefits University See open roles Open mobile navigation Jobs Our opportunity Life at Stripe Benefits University See open roles Close mobile navigation Roles at Stripe Role details Analytics Lead, Privy Who we are About Privy Our mission is to make privacy and user ownership the default online. We build simple, flexible developer tooling that make it easy to build products that put users first. By leveraging modern cryptography, we shift the status quo around digital ownership and protect the accounts and assets of millions of users. Learn more about Privy: Privy and Stripe: Bringing crypto to everyone What you’ll do Analytics at Privy is not just about running queries or building reports. We transform messy, high-volume data into scalable systems and clear insights that guide product decisions and business strategy. We design pipelines that are resilient, models that are intuitive, and tools that make data accessible and trustworthy for everyone across the company. We believe in clean abstractions, transparency, and sharing our work so teammates can build on top of it. We push each other to ask sharper questions, test bold ideas, and follow the signal in the data so we can shape better products and empower our customers. Who you are 8+ years in an analytics engineering or data engineering role, preferably in a SaaS environment. Proficiency in SQL and data modeling techniques. Experience with ETL processes and tools (e.g., Airflow, dbt, or similar). Familiarity with analytics tools like Looker, Tableau, or similar BI platforms. Experience working with cloud data storage solutions (AWS, GCP, etc.). Familiarity with product analytics tools (e.g., Amplitude, Mixpanel). Ability to translate business requirements into analytical solutions. Comfortable working with cross-functional teams, presenting technical insights to non-technical stakeholders. Preferred qualifications Experience in an API-based business and in payments, fintech, or crypto. Experience with usage-based pricing models and understanding of how complex queries impact customer billing. Experience in launching new products in fast-paced, scaling environments. Experience with data governance and ensuring data quality at scale. In-office expectations Office-assigned Stripes in most of our locations are currently expected to spend at least 50% of the time in a given month in their local office or with users. This expectation may vary depending on role, team and location. For example, Stripes in our Bucharest, Romania site have an 80% in-office expectation, and those in Stripe Delivery Center roles in Mexico City, Mexico and Bengaluru, India work 100% from the office. Also, some teams have greater in-office attendance requirements, to appropriately support our users and workflows, which the hiring manager will discuss. This approach helps strike a balance between bringing people together for in-person collaboration and learning from each other, while supporting flexibility when possible. Pay and benefits The annual US base salary range for this role is $196,900 - $295,300. For sales roles, the range provided is the role’s On Target Earnings ("OTE") range, meaning that the range includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target and annual base salary for the role. This salary range may be inclusive of several career levels at Stripe and will be narrowed during the interview process based on a number of factors, including the candidate’s experience, qualifications, and location. Applicants interested in this role and who are not located in the US may request the annual salary range for their location during the interview process. Additional benefits for this role may include: equity, company bonus or sales commissions/bonuses; 401(k) plan; medical, dental, and vision benefits; and wellness stipends. Office locations New York Team Privy Job type Full time Apply for this role We look forward to hearing from you At Stripe, we're looking for people with passion, grit, and integrity. You're encouraged to apply even if your experience doesn't precisely match the job description. Your skills and passion will stand out—and set you apart—especially if your career has taken some extraordinary twists and turns. At Stripe, we welcome diverse perspectives and people who think rigorously and aren't afraid to challenge assumptions. Join us. Apply Now Stripe logo United States (English) Australia English Austria Deutsch English Belgium Nederlands Français Deutsch English Brazil Português English Bulgaria English Canada English Français Croatia English Italiano Cyprus English Czech Republic English Denmark English Estonia English Finland English Svenska France Français English Germany Deutsch English Gibraltar English Greece English Hong Kong English 简体中文 Hungary English India English Ireland English Italy Italiano English Japan 日本語 English Latvia English Liechtenstein Deutsch English Lithuania English Luxembourg Français Deutsch English Malaysia English 简体中文 Malta English Mexico Español English Netherlands Nederlands English New Zealand English Norway English Poland English Portugal Português English Romania English Singapore English 简体中文 Slovakia English Slovenia English Italiano Spain Español English Sweden Svenska English Switzerland Deutsch Français Italiano English Thailand ไทย English United Arab Emirates English United Kingdom English United States English Español 简体中文 Products & pricing Pricing Atlas Authorization Boost Billing Capital Checkout Climate Connect Data Pipeline Elements Financial Accounts Financial Connections Identity Invoicing Issuing Link Payments Payment Links Payouts Radar Revenue Recognition Stripe Sigma Tax Terminal Solutions Enterprises Startups Crypto Ecommerce Embedded finance Finance automation Global businesses In-app payments Marketplaces Platforms SaaS AI companies Creator economy Hospitality, travel, and leisure Insurance Media and entertainment Nonprofits Retail Integrations & custom solutions Stripe App Marketplace Partner ecosystem Professional services Developers Documentation API reference API status API changelog Libraries and SDKs Developer blog Resources Guides Customer stories Blog Sessions annual conference Privacy & terms Prohibited & restricted businesses Licenses Sitemap Cookie settings Your privacy choices Coverage transparency More resources Company Jobs Newsroom Stripe Press Contact sales Support Get support Managed support plans CA residents: +1 888 926 2289 Sign in © 2025 Stripe, Inc.