Stripe logo Jobs Our opportunity Life at Stripe Benefits University See open roles Open mobile navigation Jobs Our opportunity Life at Stripe Benefits University See open roles Close mobile navigation Roles at Stripe Role details Alliances & Channels Sales Strategy & Operations Business Partner Who we are About Stripe Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career. About the team The Global GTM Operations team is responsible for overall productivity and effectiveness of the sales organization, partnering closely with each GTM function and across Stripe to drive initiatives and support the overall rhythm of the GTM business. Within GTM, the Alliances & Channels (A&C) team is at the forefront of working with partners, sales and our users to drive revenue and growth. The A&C Strategy and Operations function at Stripe plays a crucial role in the success of our partner organization. With a commitment to excellence and a deep understanding of the art and science of sales, our team is dedicated to informing strategy and planning, optimizing processes, and providing insights that propel Stripe’s growth. We do this by being objective, trusted partners to the A&C Leadership team. What you’ll do We are seeking a technically sophisticated and detailed oriented individual who will serve as an A&C Operations Analytical Lead, specifically supporting the A&C function as a strategic, operations, and analytics partner. This person will be responsible for improving the quality of analytics and insights on a consistent basis, including standardization of reporting and scalability across the function with the primary objective of enabling A&C leadership to make effective, analytically driven decisions. This person will also be innately curious and ready to dig deep into operational and performance processes, systems, and data to assess current performance, identify improvement opportunities, and provide fact-based insights that enable us to introduce improvements in order to simplify complex cross-organizational systems to improve efficiency and drive growth. We are looking for a self-starter who is passionate about their work, detail oriented, analytical and has demonstrated success dealing with ambiguity in a high-growth environment, and solving problems with limited oversight. Responsibilities Business Insights: Develop deep understanding of Stripe’s business and its partner sales funnel across user segments and geographies. Monitor the progress, health, and sustainability of the overall strategy. Provide actionable insight and strategic perspective on business performance to help inform key decisions across GTM teams. Effectively communicate insights and recommendations to business leads and influence strategic decision-making. Scalable Insight: Conceptualize, build, manage and maintain centralized tools (including dashboards, spreadsheet models,) that the business and A&C Strategy and Operations team can use to extract data / insights for daily business management in an automated manner to drive current and future rhythms of business. As a result of insights, identify and improve the usability and accessibility of insights from existing systems and tools, in collaboration with respective development teams Operating Cadence: Design and execute on a standard weekly, monthly and quarterly cadence of operations (weekly forecasting calls, monthly business reviews) Productivity and Resource Management: Collaborate with our Finance and Strategy teams in modeling our A&C productivity, informing resource allocation and optimisation for the sales organization. Program /Process Management: Independently develop and manage project or program plans to support key stakeholder asks and core operational planning processes. Manage A&C wide operational processes and programs Who you are We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement. Minimum requirements 6+ years of work experience in B2B sales strategy and operations and/or partner operations, business analytics, business strategy/operations, data science, investment banking, management consulting, or related domains Strong analytical skills, business intuition and a structured approach to solving complex business problems User-first mindset: Ability to work proactively and collaboratively with stakeholders, particularly in clearly communicating data insights and takeaways Has an enthusiastic “roll up your sleeves” mentality. Pragmatic problem solver, with a bias to action and “getting things done”. Passionate about driving business outcomes and change at the ground level. Experience presenting technical content to non-technical audiences and leadership. Courageous communicator translating business insights into practical recommendations. Experience initiating and completing analytical projects with minimal guidance, taking a structured approach to solving unique business problems Advanced SQL and Google Sheets modeling skills. Experience working with large data sets, especially in analyzing large imperfect data sets to creatively solve problems and creating scalable reports and dashboards or ad-hoc analysis Experience in Salesforce (or other CRM) Experience being a business partner with a GTM executive or similar role Preferred qualifications Experience working cross-functionally with sales teams and deep familiarity with sales operations and sales KPIs Prior experience in GTM Partner Strategy & Operations Prior experience at a growth stage technology company Experience in Python and proficiency in BI visualization tools (e.g., Tableau) Hybrid work at Stripe This role is available either in an office or a remote location (35+ miles or 56+ km from a Stripe office). In-office expectations Office-assigned Stripes spend at least 50% of the time in a given month in their local office or with users. This hits a balance between bringing people together for in-person collaboration and learning from each other, while supporting flexibility about how to do this in a way that makes sense for individuals and their teams. Working remotely at Stripe A remote location is defined as being 35 miles (56 kilometers) or more from one of our offices. While you would be welcome to come into the office for team/business meetings, on-sites, meet-ups, and events, our expectation is you would regularly work from home rather than a Stripe office. Stripe does not cover the cost of relocating to a remote location. We encourage you to apply for roles that match the location where you currently live or plan to live. Pay and benefits The annual US base salary range for this role is $140,700 - $211,100. For sales roles, the range provided is the role’s On Target Earnings ("OTE") range, meaning that the range includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target and annual base salary for the role. This salary range may be inclusive of several career levels at Stripe and will be narrowed during the interview process based on a number of factors, including the candidate’s experience, qualifications, and location. Applicants interested in this role and who are not located in the US may request the annual salary range for their location during the interview process. Additional benefits for this role may include: equity, company bonus or sales commissions/bonuses; 401(k) plan; medical, dental, and vision benefits; and wellness stipends. Office locations Chicago Remote locations Remote in United States Team Revenue Operations Job type Full time Apply for this role Please find our California applicant personal information notice here . The application window will remain open for 100 days after the Job Post is published. However, this opportunity will remain open based on the needs of the business, which may cause the application window to close before or after the 100-day mark. We look forward to hearing from you At Stripe, we're looking for people with passion, grit, and integrity. You're encouraged to apply even if your experience doesn't precisely match the job description. Your skills and passion will stand out—and set you apart—especially if your career has taken some extraordinary twists and turns. At Stripe, we welcome diverse perspectives and people who think rigorously and aren't afraid to challenge assumptions. Join us. Apply Now Stripe logo United States (English) Australia English Austria Deutsch English Belgium Nederlands Français Deutsch English Brazil Português English Bulgaria English Canada English Français Croatia English Italiano Cyprus English Czech Republic English Denmark English Estonia English Finland English Svenska France Français English Germany Deutsch English Gibraltar English Greece English Hong Kong English 简体中文 Hungary English India English Ireland English Italy Italiano English Japan 日本語 English Latvia English Liechtenstein Deutsch English Lithuania English Luxembourg Français Deutsch English Malaysia English 简体中文 Malta English Mexico Español English Netherlands Nederlands English New Zealand English Norway English Poland English Portugal Português English Romania English Singapore English 简体中文 Slovakia English Slovenia English Italiano Spain Español English Sweden Svenska English Switzerland Deutsch Français Italiano English Thailand ไทย English United Arab Emirates English United Kingdom English United States English Español 简体中文 Products & pricing Pricing Atlas Authorization Boost Billing Capital Checkout Climate Connect Data Pipeline Elements Financial Accounts Financial Connections Identity Invoicing Issuing Link Payments Payment Links Payouts Radar Revenue Recognition Stripe Sigma Tax Terminal Solutions Enterprises Startups Crypto Ecommerce Embedded finance Finance automation Global businesses In-app payments Marketplaces Platforms SaaS AI companies Creator economy Hospitality, travel, and leisure Insurance Media and entertainment Nonprofits Retail Integrations & custom solutions Stripe App Marketplace Partner ecosystem Professional services Developers Documentation API reference API status API changelog Libraries and SDKs Developer blog Resources Guides Customer stories Blog Sessions annual conference Privacy & terms Prohibited & restricted businesses Licenses Sitemap Cookie settings Your privacy choices Coverage transparency More resources Company Jobs Newsroom Stripe Press Contact sales Support Get support Managed support plans CA residents: +1 888 926 2289 Sign in © 2025 Stripe, Inc.