Stripe logo Jobs Our opportunity Life at Stripe Benefits University See open roles Open mobile navigation Jobs Our opportunity Life at Stripe Benefits University See open roles Close mobile navigation Roles at Stripe Role details Account Executive, Startups/ SMB, Grower, New Zealand Who we are About Stripe Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career. About the team In this role, you’ll join the New Zealand team. We focus on expanding Stripe’s business in New Zealand. We serve Kiwi companies and aim to help them grow their businesses with Stripe ultimately driving local economic growth. What you’ll do As an Account Executive focused on the Startup/SMB segment, you'll play a crucial role in expanding and deepening relationships with existing Stripe users in New Zealand. Your primary focus will be on nurturing current customer relationships, driving product adoption, and increasing Stripe's footprint within your accounts to maximize customer success and revenue growth. Responsibilities Own contract renewals and lead commercial negotiations to increase and retain existing customer revenue and Stripe market share in New Zealand Develop and implement account strategies for driving product adoption, cross-selling, upselling, and client retention at scale among existing Stripe customers Build deep relationships with key stakeholders in your portfolio of accounts to become their trusted advisor for payments and financial infrastructure Solve complex client needs and work across product, sales, risk, and operations teams to improve our product offerings and customer experience Conduct regular business reviews with clients to ensure they're getting maximum value from Stripe and identify growth opportunities Analyze account performance data to identify expansion opportunities and risk areas requiring attention Make every Stripe user happy with every interaction, regardless of account size Identify and understand users' evolving pain points to propose additional Stripe solutions Ensure internal teams are set up for users' success by coordinating with other Stripe teams Create and document repeatable growth processes that can scale across the New Zealand market Gather and share market insights and customer feedback to help inform our APAC product roadmap Who you are You are an adept relationship builder and account manager, capable of engaging in business-level and technical conversations at multiple levels of the organization, including CTO, COO, and CFO. You have experience managing and growing customer relationships with startups or small/medium businesses. You deeply understand the customer journey post-sale and can develop trust-based relationships that lead to expanded product usage and increased revenue. You excel at understanding complex client environments and crafting custom solutions that address their unique needs. You're experienced in structuring renewal negotiations and expansion deals that deliver mutual value. As a member of the New Zealand team, you'll focus on maximizing the value we deliver to existing customers while increasing their lifetime value to Stripe. You'll develop scalable account management strategies and repeatable processes that enable us to grow our presence within the businesses that already trust Stripe. We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement. Minimum requirements 3+ years in a client facing sales role, preferably at a technology company, with a track record of top performance Ability to understand the Stripe API and build great relationships with highly technical customers Ability to drive and close upsell opportunities for additional Stripe products in long-term, consultative engagements Strong analytical and quantitative capabilities including comfort with basic financial modeling Superior verbal and written communication skills Ability to operate in a highly ambiguous and fast-paced environment Strong interest in technology Working remotely at Stripe A remote location is defined as being 35 miles (56 kilometers) or more from one of our offices. While you would be welcome to come into the office for team/business meetings, on-sites, meet-ups, and events, our expectation is you would regularly work from home rather than a Stripe office. Stripe does not cover the cost of relocating to a remote location. We encourage you to apply for roles that match the location where you currently live or plan to live. Pay and benefits The annual salary range for this role in the primary location is NZ$247,600 - NZ$371,400. This range may change if you are hired in another location. For sales roles, the range provided is the role’s On Target Earnings (“OTE”) range, meaning that the range includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target and annual base salary for the role. This salary range may be inclusive of several career levels at Stripe and will be narrowed during the interview process based on a number of factors, including the candidate’s experience, qualifications, and specific location. Applicants interested in this role and who are not located in the primary location may request the annual salary range for their location during the interview process. Specific benefits and details about what compensation is included in the salary range listed above will vary depending on the applicant’s location and can be discussed in more detail during the interview process. Benefits/additional compensation for this role may include: equity, company bonus or sales commissions/bonuses; retirement plans; health benefits; and wellness stipends. Remote locations Remote in New Zealand Team Sales Job type Full time Apply for this role We look forward to hearing from you At Stripe, we're looking for people with passion, grit, and integrity. You're encouraged to apply even if your experience doesn't precisely match the job description. Your skills and passion will stand out—and set you apart—especially if your career has taken some extraordinary twists and turns. At Stripe, we welcome diverse perspectives and people who think rigorously and aren't afraid to challenge assumptions. Join us. Apply Now Stripe logo United States (English) Australia English Austria Deutsch English Belgium Nederlands Français Deutsch English Brazil Português English Bulgaria English Canada English Français Croatia English Italiano Cyprus English Czech Republic English Denmark English Estonia English Finland English Svenska France Français English Germany Deutsch English Gibraltar English Greece English Hong Kong English 简体中文 Hungary English India English Ireland English Italy Italiano English Japan 日本語 English Latvia English Liechtenstein Deutsch English Lithuania English Luxembourg Français Deutsch English Malaysia English 简体中文 Malta English Mexico Español English Netherlands Nederlands English New Zealand English Norway English Poland English Portugal Português English Romania English Singapore English 简体中文 Slovakia English Slovenia English Italiano Spain Español English Sweden Svenska English Switzerland Deutsch Français Italiano English Thailand ไทย English United Arab Emirates English United Kingdom English United States English Español 简体中文 Products & pricing Pricing Atlas Authorization Boost Billing Capital Checkout Climate Connect Data Pipeline Elements Financial Accounts Financial Connections Identity Invoicing Issuing Link Payments Payment Links Payouts Radar Revenue Recognition Stripe Sigma Tax Terminal Solutions Enterprises Startups Crypto Ecommerce Embedded finance Finance automation Global businesses In-app payments Marketplaces Platforms SaaS AI companies Creator economy Hospitality, travel, and leisure Insurance Media and entertainment Nonprofits Retail Integrations & custom solutions Stripe App Marketplace Partner ecosystem Professional services Developers Documentation API reference API status API changelog Libraries and SDKs Developer blog Resources Guides Customer stories Blog Sessions annual conference Privacy & terms Prohibited & restricted businesses Licenses Sitemap Cookie settings Your privacy choices Coverage transparency More resources Company Jobs Newsroom Stripe Press Contact sales Support Get support Managed support plans CA residents: +1 888 926 2289 Sign in © 2025 Stripe, Inc.