Stripe logo Jobs Our opportunity Life at Stripe Benefits University See open roles Open mobile navigation Jobs Our opportunity Life at Stripe Benefits University See open roles Close mobile navigation Roles at Stripe Role details Accounting Analyst - Product Accounting - MaaS Accounting Who we are About Stripe Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career. About the team The Stripe Product Accounting Team is responsible for supporting all products at Stripe, consulting on accounting implications and supporting teams' ability to make informed strategic decisions. We are responsible for the accurate and timely recording of all business-generated transactions on our balance sheet and income statement. We operate in a fast-paced environment and collaborate significantly with cross-functional and international teams. What you’ll do Stripe is seeking an experienced accountant to join its world class Accounting team and help us scale for the future, in a fast-paced environment that is growing rapidly. In this role you will support our Payments and Payment Products revenue accounting, leveraging your technical expertise with US GAAP, Cash/Treasury Accountings, to quickly identify accounting implications and impacts to customers while advising and collaborating with team members cross-functionally to develop operational processes that help us scale. Responsibilities Build scalable accounting processes to support global growth in payment processing, SaaS & MaaS accounting Partner closely with our product, go-to-market, and finance partners to thoroughly understand new products, features, and contracts. Partner with internal systems and engineering teams to support internal financial systems and automation of accounting processes Assess the effectiveness of internal controls, and design new processes and controls for emerging and growing business activities Develop and maintain up-to-date accounting procedural documentation Plan and perform monthly and quarterly close activities, including journal entries, balance sheet reconciliations, variance analyses, financial reporting deliverables, and analytical reviews Produce internal management analyses and reporting Support external audit processes Who you are We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement. Minimum requirements An accountancy qualification (e.g CA, CPA, ACA, ACCA, CIMA) with 3 -6 years of relevant accounting experience Degree in Accounting or Finance background Proven experience in the monthly close process, journal preparation and posting, balance sheet reconciliations, audit, regulatory reporting and exposure to accounting systems. Experience in month end reporting and financial statement preparation. Cash and Treasury Accounting experience is preferred Working knowledge of US GAAP The ability to bring structure to ambiguous areas of opportunity and thrive in an unstructured, fast-moving environment Strong analytical skills and strong knowledge of Excel An enthusiastic “roll up your sleeves” mentality A passion for creating new systems and solving problems via infrastructure and automation Demonstrated ability to work cross-functionally and with different cultures Demonstrated experience with internal controls Ability to be flexible and comfortable with changing requirements Preferred qualifications CPA/ CA or similar qualification Knowledge of (or experience in) the technology or payments industry. Experience working with Oracle Suite Experience with Hubble and SQL Experience with Analytical Tools like- Power BI, Tableau & AI applications In-office expectations Office-assigned Stripes in most of our locations are currently expected to spend at least 50% of the time in a given month in their local office or with users. This expectation may vary depending on role, team and location. For example, Stripes in our Bucharest, Romania site have an 80% in-office expectation, and those in Stripe Delivery Center roles in Mexico City, Mexico and Bengaluru, India work 100% from the office. Also, some teams have greater in-office attendance requirements, to appropriately support our users and workflows, which the hiring manager will discuss. This approach helps strike a balance between bringing people together for in-person collaboration and learning from each other, while supporting flexibility when possible. Pay and benefits Stripe does not yet include pay ranges in job postings in every country. Stripe strongly values pay transparency and is working toward pay transparency globally. Office locations Bengaluru Team Controllership Job type Full time Apply for this role We look forward to hearing from you At Stripe, we're looking for people with passion, grit, and integrity. You're encouraged to apply even if your experience doesn't precisely match the job description. Your skills and passion will stand out—and set you apart—especially if your career has taken some extraordinary twists and turns. At Stripe, we welcome diverse perspectives and people who think rigorously and aren't afraid to challenge assumptions. Join us. Apply Now Stripe logo United States (English) Australia English Austria Deutsch English Belgium Nederlands Français Deutsch English Brazil Português English Bulgaria English Canada English Français Croatia English Italiano Cyprus English Czech Republic English Denmark English Estonia English Finland English Svenska France Français English Germany Deutsch English Gibraltar English Greece English Hong Kong English 简体中文 Hungary English India English Ireland English Italy Italiano English Japan 日本語 English Latvia English Liechtenstein Deutsch English Lithuania English Luxembourg Français Deutsch English Malaysia English 简体中文 Malta English Mexico Español English Netherlands Nederlands English New Zealand English Norway English Poland English Portugal Português English Romania English Singapore English 简体中文 Slovakia English Slovenia English Italiano Spain Español English Sweden Svenska English Switzerland Deutsch Français Italiano English Thailand ไทย English United Arab Emirates English United Kingdom English United States English Español 简体中文 Products & pricing Pricing Atlas Authorization Boost Billing Capital Checkout Climate Connect Data Pipeline Elements Financial Accounts Financial Connections Identity Invoicing Issuing Link Payments Payment Links Payouts Radar Revenue Recognition Stripe Sigma Tax Terminal Solutions Enterprises Startups Crypto Ecommerce Embedded finance Finance automation Global businesses In-app payments Marketplaces Platforms SaaS AI companies Creator economy Hospitality, travel, and leisure Insurance Media and entertainment Nonprofits Retail Integrations & custom solutions Stripe App Marketplace Partner ecosystem Professional services Developers Documentation API reference API status API changelog Libraries and SDKs Developer blog Resources Guides Customer stories Blog Sessions annual conference Privacy & terms Prohibited & restricted businesses Licenses Sitemap Cookie settings Your privacy choices Coverage transparency More resources Company Jobs Newsroom Stripe Press Contact sales Support Get support Managed support plans CA residents: +1 888 926 2289 Sign in © 2025 Stripe, Inc.