Stripe logo Jobs Our opportunity Life at Stripe Benefits University See open roles Open mobile navigation Jobs Our opportunity Life at Stripe Benefits University See open roles Close mobile navigation Roles at Stripe Role details Account Executive, Startup SaaS Platforms - German Speaking Who we are About Stripe Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career. About the team The Startup SaaS Platform team works with European startups in one of Stripe’s must-win segments. At Stripe, SaaS platforms are companies using Stripe to embed payments and make financial services a core part of their own product, meaning their partnership with Stripe is vital to the success of their business, like Shopify, Mindbody and Lightspeed. SaaS platforms are a global priority for Stripe, and our team identifies and develops Stripe’s future strategic accounts in Europe. We identify and partner with high-potential companies, helping them leverage Stripe’s solutions to better support their users, scale globally and create new revenue streams through monetisation of payments and financial services. What you’ll do We’re hiring for both new business acquisition and expansion account executive roles on this team. As either a Hunter or Grower Account Executive on the Startup SaaS Platforms team, you will be instrumental in driving Stripe’s future growth. The role will involve prospecting to businesses, articulating the value of Stripe and strategically advising them on how they can optimize their business using Stripe solutions, either for the first time or by expanding their use of Stripe. We guide our users to understand how Stripe’s modern financial infrastructure can support their growth ambitions and provide a competitive edge for their business or product. Responsibilities Directly manage and cultivate a named account list (New Prospects or Existing Users) while crafting comprehensive account plans aimed at winning and expanding business with high growth Startups. Understand users' pain points and our value to SaaS platform clients, proposing tailored solutions that consult on their long-term growth. Bring clients through complex evaluations of Stripe’s solutions for SaaS platforms, working with cross-functional teams (Product, Risk, Operations) to successfully follow new projects through to activation and adoption. Foster relationships with executive stakeholders and represent Stripe in the local startup ecosystem to help us grow our footprint and mindshare. Work with other cross-functional teams on shared initiatives to drive internal efficiency and broader business impact. Hunter focus: Own the complete sales cycle, from lead generation through to product adoption within the target Startup segment. Develop robust outbound strategies and execute creative prospecting programmes to create and nurture new business opportunities and contribute directly to our GTM priority of driving new logos and accelerating revenue realisation. Identify high-potential prospective startups from inbound leads and dedicated outbound prospecting, collaborating closely with Marketing and Sales Development teams. Grower focus: Manage and expand relationships within a named list of Existing User accounts, driving upsell and client retention at scale. Develop and execute strategic programs for deepening product adoption and maximizing effective utilisation among our current user base. Contribute to our GTM priority to expand the base and optimise our renewals motion. Foster executive relationships with stakeholders at existing clients to ensure maximum client retention and identify significant expansion opportunities. Who you are We’re looking for a curious, well-rounded strategic seller who can build strong relationships with Stripe’s clients in this key segment. You are comfortable owning your territory, balancing a mix of high value, strategic deals with smaller, high velocity deal cycles. You are solution-oriented, adaptable, have a keen interest in further developing yourself and know how to get things done. You do enjoy a highly-technical sales cycle and working with a diverse group of internal stakeholders. We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement. Minimum requirements 3+ years of experience in a client-facing/closing sales role Ability to understand complex technical ecosystems Desire to build great relationships, often with technical customers Analytical ability to manage complex sales cycles Experience managing projects with input from cross-functional teams Bias towards team success and knowledge sharing A knack for seeking out and working well with a wide range of stakeholders, both internally and externally Motivation to operate in a highly ambiguous and fluid environment High professional fluency in German and English Preferred requirements Prior experience in a sales and/or customer-facing role at a high growth technology company Comfort interpreting and discussing API-first solutions In-office expectations Office-assigned Stripes in most of our locations are currently expected to spend at least 50% of the time in a given month in their local office or with users. This expectation may vary depending on role, team and location. For example, Stripes in our Bucharest, Romania site have an 80% in-office expectation, and those in Stripe Delivery Center roles in Mexico City, Mexico and Bengaluru, India work 100% from the office. Also, some teams have greater in-office attendance requirements, to appropriately support our users and workflows, which the hiring manager will discuss. This approach helps strike a balance between bringing people together for in-person collaboration and learning from each other, while supporting flexibility when possible. Pay and benefits The annual salary range for this role in the primary location is €133,000 - €199,400. This range may change if you are hired in another location. For sales roles, the range provided is the role’s On Target Earnings (“OTE”) range, meaning that the range includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target and annual base salary for the role. This salary range may be inclusive of several career levels at Stripe and will be narrowed during the interview process based on a number of factors, including the candidate’s experience, qualifications, and specific location. Applicants interested in this role and who are not located in the primary location may request the annual salary range for their location during the interview process. Specific benefits and details about what compensation is included in the salary range listed above will vary depending on the applicant’s location and can be discussed in more detail during the interview process. Benefits/additional compensation for this role may include: equity, company bonus or sales commissions/bonuses; retirement plans; health benefits; and wellness stipends. Office locations Dublin HQ Team Sales Job type Full time Apply for this role Please find our EU applicant personal information notice here . We look forward to hearing from you At Stripe, we're looking for people with passion, grit, and integrity. You're encouraged to apply even if your experience doesn't precisely match the job description. Your skills and passion will stand out—and set you apart—especially if your career has taken some extraordinary twists and turns. At Stripe, we welcome diverse perspectives and people who think rigorously and aren't afraid to challenge assumptions. Join us. Apply Now Stripe logo United States (English) Australia English Austria Deutsch English Belgium Nederlands Français Deutsch English Brazil Português English Bulgaria English Canada English Français Croatia English Italiano Cyprus English Czech Republic English Denmark English Estonia English Finland English Svenska France Français English Germany Deutsch English Gibraltar English Greece English Hong Kong English 简体中文 Hungary English India English Ireland English Italy Italiano English Japan 日本語 English Latvia English Liechtenstein Deutsch English Lithuania English Luxembourg Français Deutsch English Malaysia English 简体中文 Malta English Mexico Español English Netherlands Nederlands English New Zealand English Norway English Poland English Portugal Português English Romania English Singapore English 简体中文 Slovakia English Slovenia English Italiano Spain Español English Sweden Svenska English Switzerland Deutsch Français Italiano English Thailand ไทย English United Arab Emirates English United Kingdom English United States English Español 简体中文 Products & pricing Pricing Atlas Authorization Boost Billing Capital Checkout Climate Connect Data Pipeline Elements Financial Accounts Financial Connections Identity Invoicing Issuing Link Payments Payment Links Payouts Radar Revenue Recognition Stripe Sigma Tax Terminal Solutions Enterprises Startups Crypto Ecommerce Embedded finance Finance automation Global businesses In-app payments Marketplaces Platforms SaaS AI companies Creator economy Hospitality, travel, and leisure Insurance Media and entertainment Nonprofits Retail Integrations & custom solutions Stripe App Marketplace Partner ecosystem Professional services Developers Documentation API reference API status API changelog Libraries and SDKs Developer blog Resources Guides Customer stories Blog Sessions annual conference Privacy & terms Prohibited & restricted businesses Licenses Sitemap Cookie settings Your privacy choices Coverage transparency More resources Company Jobs Newsroom Stripe Press Contact sales Support Get support Managed support plans CA residents: +1 888 926 2289 Sign in © 2025 Stripe, Inc.