Stripe logo Jobs Our opportunity Life at Stripe Benefits University See open roles Open mobile navigation Jobs Our opportunity Life at Stripe Benefits University See open roles Close mobile navigation Roles at Stripe Role details Accounts Receivable Manager Accounts Receivable (AR) Manager: Job Description About Stripe Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career. About the team Our Finance teams don’t just provide and process data, but own strategy, use technology to drive solutions, influence their business partners and create company value. The Billing and Collections team operates in a fast-paced environment and collaborates significantly with cross-functional and international teams. What you’ll do In this leadership role, will be responsible for supporting the entire billing and collections process, ensuring accurate and timely invoicing, managing outstanding receivables, implementing strategies to optimize cash flow, and resolving complex billing disputes, while collaborating with sales, customer success, and finance teams to maintain positive customer relationships and financial health within the company. Responsibilities Build, develop and lead a team to support global billing and collections deliverables. Participate in building scalable processes to support global growth. Execute efficient internal control documentation and sign-off procedures Enhance and maintain existing policies and procedural documentation Drive end to end improvement of input processes to enable scale and productivity Develop, manage and improve process metrics utilizing automation, lean practices and process optimization to scale Escalate collection issues to relevant stakeholders when necessary Nurture deep, trusted partnerships with leaders across Stripe showcasing the value of the Billing and Collections function and how it aligns with broader business goals Create global best practice documentation and facilitate sharing across the globe. Create a culture consistent with Stripe Operating and Leadership principles and an inspiring work environment that brings the best out of people at work. Provide robust feedback on process health and performance, identifying and remediating errors and delivering scale over time Partner with global process owners and functional leaders to demonstrate impeccable performance across multiple workflows and set a high bar for consistent improvement over time Lead cross functional projects and reporting that drive performance improvement, visibility and automation throughout financial services. Drive strong operational delivery and process improvement helping to mitigate risk while balancing operational efficiency and user impact Identify gaps in current systems, policies and strategies, and recommend enhancements and process improvements to mitigate risks We are looking for: Demonstrated knowledge of key business financial metrics, providing metrics inputs to various reporting venues, and communicating key performance indicators to stakeholders in support of business objectives Advanced finance operations experience of leading large operational processes Ability to set goals, financial plans and effectively influence leaders across Stripe Who you are We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement. Minimum requirements 15+ years of experience out of which 3+ years of managing operational teams dealing with high volume and complex workflows. Led teams in multi-location and exposure to working in multicultural, location and dynamic business environment A. or B.S degree in Accounting or Finance with fluency in the U.S. GAAP Excellent communication and organizational skills, both written and verbal. Excellent problem-solving skills and demonstrated ability to work independently, analyze problems and data sets to make complex investigation decisions Strong knowledge of gSuite tools, Salesforce and MS-Office products and experience working with/analyzing contracts and large data sets. Independently analyze and evaluate information from various data sources to determine a course of action for a matched case Demonstrated experience partnering with cross-functional stakeholders Demonstrated history of taking on various types of challenging projects and producing results Solution-oriented mindset with enthusiasm for establishing best practices Self-disciplined, diligent, proactive and detail oriented Experience working cross-functionally with multiple teams to deliver high impact initiatives Experience in delivering weekly and monthly business metrics and reporting Preferred qualifications Good understanding of finance processes including AR and SOX controls. Strong operational background including experience with new process launch and service delivery in a high growth technology company Experience with written and verbal communications for both technical and non-technical audiences at the senior leadership level Proficient in obtaining, organizing, and analyzing data to challenge conventional wisdom, make fact-based decisions, and drive root cause analysis, and evaluate outcomes In-office expectations Office-assigned Stripes in most of our locations are currently expected to spend at least 50% of the time in a given month in their local office or with users. This expectation may vary depending on role, team and location. For example, Stripes in our Bucharest, Romania site have an 80% in-office expectation, and those in Stripe Delivery Center roles in Mexico City, Mexico and Bengaluru, India work 100% from the office. Also, some teams have greater in-office attendance requirements, to appropriately support our users and workflows, which the hiring manager will discuss. This approach helps strike a balance between bringing people together for in-person collaboration and learning from each other, while supporting flexibility when possible. Pay and benefits Stripe does not yet include pay ranges in job postings in every country. Stripe strongly values pay transparency and is working toward pay transparency globally. Office locations Bengaluru Team Controllership Job type Full time Apply for this role We look forward to hearing from you At Stripe, we're looking for people with passion, grit, and integrity. You're encouraged to apply even if your experience doesn't precisely match the job description. Your skills and passion will stand out—and set you apart—especially if your career has taken some extraordinary twists and turns. At Stripe, we welcome diverse perspectives and people who think rigorously and aren't afraid to challenge assumptions. Join us. Apply Now Stripe logo United States (English) Australia English Austria Deutsch English Belgium Nederlands Français Deutsch English Brazil Português English Bulgaria English Canada English Français Croatia English Italiano Cyprus English Czech Republic English Denmark English Estonia English Finland English Svenska France Français English Germany Deutsch English Gibraltar English Greece English Hong Kong English 简体中文 Hungary English India English Ireland English Italy Italiano English Japan 日本語 English Latvia English Liechtenstein Deutsch English Lithuania English Luxembourg Français Deutsch English Malaysia English 简体中文 Malta English Mexico Español English Netherlands Nederlands English New Zealand English Norway English Poland English Portugal Português English Romania English Singapore English 简体中文 Slovakia English Slovenia English Italiano Spain Español English Sweden Svenska English Switzerland Deutsch Français Italiano English Thailand ไทย English United Arab Emirates English United Kingdom English United States English Español 简体中文 Products & pricing Pricing Atlas Authorization Boost Billing Capital Checkout Climate Connect Data Pipeline Elements Financial Accounts Financial Connections Identity Invoicing Issuing Link Payments Payment Links Payouts Radar Revenue Recognition Stripe Sigma Tax Terminal Solutions Enterprises Startups Crypto Ecommerce Embedded finance Finance automation Global businesses In-app payments Marketplaces Platforms SaaS AI companies Creator economy Hospitality, travel, and leisure Insurance Media and entertainment Nonprofits Retail Integrations & custom solutions Stripe App Marketplace Partner ecosystem Professional services Developers Documentation API reference API status API changelog Libraries and SDKs Developer blog Resources Guides Customer stories Blog Sessions annual conference Privacy & terms Prohibited & restricted businesses Licenses Sitemap Cookie settings Your privacy choices Coverage transparency More resources Company Jobs Newsroom Stripe Press Contact sales Support Get support Managed support plans CA residents: +1 888 926 2289 Sign in © 2025 Stripe, Inc.