Stripe logo Jobs Our opportunity Life at Stripe Benefits University See open roles Open mobile navigation Jobs Our opportunity Life at Stripe Benefits University See open roles Close mobile navigation Roles at Stripe Role details Accounting - Legal Entity Controller About Stripe Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career. To further this important mission, we are building our Accounting Operations team in Bangalore Finance and are looking for someone to help us scale for the future in a fast-paced environment. What you’ll do We are looking for a finance professional to join the fast-growing Global Finance team at Bangalore Finance. In this exciting new role, will have the opportunity to implement process improvements and optimizations as part close acceleration and elevate controllership. You will be part of the accounting team and will work closely with Finance Operations, Legal Entity Controllers, Treasury and Tax to ensure a seamless transition of workflows. These workflows include month-end reconciliations and journal entry preparation. Responsibilities Execute month-end and quarter-end close activities, including preparing and posting manual journal entries, performing accruals, and completing closing checklists to meet deadlines. Own end-to-end preparation of journal entries and balance sheet reconciliations for assigned accounts; ensure reconciliations are accurate, supported and completed on time. Perform flux analysis and prepare commentary explaining movements, trends and significant variances; escalate issues and propose corrective actions when appropriate. Perform transactional accounting work (e.g., GL close, reporting) and continuously identify opportunities to streamline and simplify processes. Support country and global statutory audits by preparing schedules, providing documentation and explanations, responding to auditor requests, and assisting with audit testing as directed. Be a self-starter who standardizes and centralizes recurring tasks; build repeatable templates and tooling to reduce manual effort. Take ownership of problems (not just processes) — investigate root causes, coordinate with stakeholders, and drive issues to resolution. Support partnership with cross-functional stakeholders and subject matter experts (e.g., FP&A, Treasury, Payroll, Ops, Legal) to develop, document and improve controllership processes and anticipate changing business needs. Participate in building scalable accounting processes to support global growth, including identifying automation opportunities and supporting implementation. Enhance and maintain procedural documentation and SOPs for assigned processes; ensure documentation is current and actionable. Contribute to cross-functional projects that drive performance improvement, visibility and automation across financial services functions. Who you are Excellent understanding of accounting and related month-end processes. The ability to exercise good judgment and discretion while rigorously applying our compliance policies. Sound knowledge of general ledger systems and procedures, financial charts of accounts and corporate procedures. Ability to work independently in a scaling and rapidly changing environment. Excellent organizational skills, and ability to communicate, both written and verbal. Solid problem-solving skills and willingness to roll up one’s sleeves to get the job done Minimum requirements An accountancy qualification (e.g ACA, ACCA, CIMA) with 0-2 years of relevant accounting experience Degree in Accounting or Finance background Experience in the monthly close process, journal preparation and posting, audit, and exposure to accounting systems. The ability to bring structure to ambiguous areas of opportunity and thrive in an unstructured, fast-moving environment Strong analytical skills and strong knowledge of Excel and/or Google Sheets An enthusiastic “roll up your sleeves” mentality A passion for creating new systems and solving problems via infrastructure and automation Demonstrated ability to work cross-functionally and with different cultures Demonstrated experience with internal controls Ability to be flexible and comfortable with changing requirements You will also likely have (not required): Experience working at a high-growth technology company Oracle or other equivalent application experience In-office expectations Office-assigned Stripes in most of our locations are currently expected to spend at least 50% of the time in a given month in their local office or with users. This expectation may vary depending on role, team and location. For example, Stripes in our Bucharest, Romania site have an 80% in-office expectation, and those in Stripe Delivery Center roles in Mexico City, Mexico and Bengaluru, India work 100% from the office. Also, some teams have greater in-office attendance requirements, to appropriately support our users and workflows, which the hiring manager will discuss. This approach helps strike a balance between bringing people together for in-person collaboration and learning from each other, while supporting flexibility when possible. Pay and benefits Stripe does not yet include pay ranges in job postings in every country. Stripe strongly values pay transparency and is working toward pay transparency globally. Office locations Bengaluru Team Controllership Job type Full time Apply for this role We look forward to hearing from you At Stripe, we're looking for people with passion, grit, and integrity. You're encouraged to apply even if your experience doesn't precisely match the job description. Your skills and passion will stand out—and set you apart—especially if your career has taken some extraordinary twists and turns. At Stripe, we welcome diverse perspectives and people who think rigorously and aren't afraid to challenge assumptions. Join us. Apply Now Stripe logo United States (English) Australia English Austria Deutsch English Belgium Nederlands Français Deutsch English Brazil Português English Bulgaria English Canada English Français Croatia English Italiano Cyprus English Czech Republic English Denmark English Estonia English Finland English Svenska France Français English Germany Deutsch English Gibraltar English Greece English Hong Kong English 简体中文 Hungary English India English Ireland English Italy Italiano English Japan 日本語 English Latvia English Liechtenstein Deutsch English Lithuania English Luxembourg Français Deutsch English Malaysia English 简体中文 Malta English Mexico Español English Netherlands Nederlands English New Zealand English Norway English Poland English Portugal Português English Romania English Singapore English 简体中文 Slovakia English Slovenia English Italiano Spain Español English Sweden Svenska English Switzerland Deutsch Français Italiano English Thailand ไทย English United Arab Emirates English United Kingdom English United States English Español 简体中文 Products & pricing Pricing Atlas Authorization Boost Billing Capital Checkout Climate Connect Data Pipeline Elements Financial Accounts Financial Connections Identity Invoicing Issuing Link Payments Payment Links Payouts Radar Revenue Recognition Stripe Sigma Tax Terminal Solutions Enterprises Startups Crypto Ecommerce Embedded finance Finance automation Global businesses In-app payments Marketplaces Platforms SaaS AI companies Creator economy Hospitality, travel, and leisure Insurance Media and entertainment Nonprofits Retail Integrations & custom solutions Stripe App Marketplace Partner ecosystem Professional services Developers Documentation API reference API status API changelog Libraries and SDKs Developer blog Resources Guides Customer stories Blog Sessions annual conference Privacy & terms Prohibited & restricted businesses Licenses Sitemap Cookie settings Your privacy choices Coverage transparency More resources Company Jobs Newsroom Stripe Press Contact sales Support Get support Managed support plans CA residents: +1 888 926 2289 Sign in © 2025 Stripe, Inc.