Software Engineer
Remote within US and Canada

18%
Resume Match
2 of 11 keywords
Simplify
Simplify
V1
V2
Warp: We're Building the Platform for Agentic Development

Warp began with the vision of reimagining one of the fundamental dev tools—the terminal—to make it more usable and powerful for all developers. As AI has advanced, Warp has evolved beyond its terminal roots into the platform for Agentic Development: a workbench for dispatching agents to code, deploy, and debug production software.

With over 700k active developers and revenue that has grown over 20x this year so far, Warp is now one of the fastest growing startups in the exploding AI development space. We believe that soon developers will be “tech leads” for groups of agents; rather than opening a code editor to write code or a terminal to write commands, they will open Warp and prompt their computer to build features, fix bugs, and diagnose production issues.

With its starting point as a reimagined command line, Warp is well-positioned to support agent-first workflows: It sits at the lowest level in the dev stack, has access to all of a developer’s context, and is set up for multitasking and long-running processes. In addition, Warp has state-of-the-art code editing features and built-in team knowledge sharing. It’s the right interface for the agentic future.

Our mission has remained the same even as AI has advanced: to empower developers to ship better software more quickly, freeing them to focus on the creative and rewarding aspects of their work.

For more information on our team and culture, we highly recommend reading our How We Work.

As a Software Engineer, you will…

Participate in all aspects of software development activities, including design, coding, code review, unit/integration testing, bug fixing, and code/API documentation.
Collaborate closely with the rest of engineering and other stakeholders from our growth, marketing, and product teams to plan features and build a high-quality product that elevates the productivity of all developers.
Improve Warp's performance and reliability by building new features or polishing existing product parts.
Prototype ideas and concepts to get quick feedback from internal and external users
Work across the entire technical stack to ensure users have the most efficient and delightful Warp experience. The features you develop will span all aspects of the user experience, making you an expert on their needs.
Be a mentor and provide thoughtful feedback to your peers, and build strong personal connections with your teammates!
You may be a good fit if...

You are passionate about helping developers get more done — would jump at the chance to work on this particular product
You have amazing engineering chops, but are also product- and user-focused
You have great communication and collaboration skills
You’re sensitive to developers’ needs, and can develop warm relationships with developers
Bonus:
Building native apps in Rust or WASM
Shell or Linux-programming
Server-side programming in go
OpenGL, WebG, or other graphics programming
At Warp, we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplace. So if you’re excited about this role, but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in this job description – we encourage you to apply anyways! We are a community of curious learners, and most of us are learning some skills for the first time (like our engineers learning to program Warp in Rust). You might be just the right candidate for this or other roles.

If you're feeling playful, try out our optional hiring challenge and submit your answers with your application: https://github.com/warpdotdev/hiring-challenge

Salary Transparency

Total compensation at Warp consists of two parts: 1) a competitive base salary, and most importantly, 2) meaningful equity.

When we find the right person, we try to put our best foot forward with an offer that excites you. We consider what you’d like to be paid, the skills and level of experience you bring, what similar jobs pay, and make sure there’s equal pay for equal work among those you’ll be working with. The budgeted compensation amount for this role is targeted at $145,000 - $260,000.

In addition to salary, all employees receive further compensation in the form of equity in the company. This is a meaningful stock option grant with a four-year vesting period and one-year cliff. Your equity is where most of the significant upside potential is. Comparing startup equity is always a bit tricky, so we’re happy to walk you through different valuation scenarios at the offer stage in order to help paint a clearer picture of the upside.

Final total compensation is determined by multiple factors including your experience and expertise and may vary from the amounts listed above.


